This is the first version of the notes mode that I am releasing. There is
hardly any documentation provided. However, most of the functionality is
available from the Notes menu when you are visiting a notes file.

A brief documentation on notes usage is described below.

Steps:

1. Since you are reading this file, you have untarred the gzip'ed
file. Installation will automatically add the current directory (in which you
are right now) to the load path in emacs. So if you wish to move the notes
software to some other directory, this is the time to do it.

2. Read ./INSTALL and follow its instructions. The install procedure makes the
byte compiled elisp files, reads in the user settings for notes (by running
notesadmin), and installs these settings into the notes initialization file
~/.emacs-notes. This initialization file is read by emacs and the notes
administration program (notesadmin). Install also adds the loading of
.emacs-notes into your .emacs. When you start emacs, all the notes defaults
will be automatically loaded.

3. Copy the next set of lines from ";;;; notes-mode" to ";;;; notes-mode end"
into your ~/.emacs. I did not automate this process since users may wish to
change the key settings. Users will probably use the notes-goto-today
function most often. Bind it to a simple key.

;;;; notes-mode
; Define key bindings for functions called from outside notes mode

; The preferred binding for notes-goto-today - uncomment to use it
(define-key global-map [?\C-c ?n] 'notes-goto-today)

; The Ctrl-x n map
(define-key global-map [?\C-x ?n ?t] 'notes-goto-today)
(define-key global-map [?\C-x ?n ?r] 'notes-insert-note-region)
(define-key global-map [?\C-x ?n ?b] 'notes-insert-note-buffer)

; Hook up to the calendar mode
(add-hook 'calendar-load-hook 
	  (function
	   (lambda ()
	     (define-key calendar-mode-map "n" 'notes-calendar-to-note))))

;;;; notes-mode end

4. Restart your emacs (unless you know how to evaluate regions in a buffer - in
which case get the key bindings and load in .emacs-notes).

5. Type key "Ctrl-c n" (for notes-goto-today). This will get you today's notes
file. If you are starting fresh, it will be empty. 

6. To insert a notes subject type "Ctrl-c Ctrl-i" or look for "Insert Note" in
the menu. Once you have added a subject, you can start typing ...

7. Multiple subjects can be added in each day's notes file. Infact the same
subject can be added multiple times in each day's notes file.

8. For all the other functionality, look at the notes menu.

9. Remember that if you just have one notes file (today's) then notes
traversal's are not very useful.

10. The program notesadmin has been provided in order to do meta-level things -
initialize (or reinitialize) your notes software, change date format, change
directory structure and recreate notes indexes if they are broken (for example
if your system crashes while emacs is updating your indexes). You should not
need to use it in normal notes use.

Good Luck.

Ashvin Goel (ashvin@cse.ogi.edu)


